cpu_freq: Add CPU frequency scaling subsystem (#93461)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/subsys/cpu_freq/on_demand/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: cpu_freq_on_demand

>    :name: CPU Frequency Subsystem On-demand Sample
> 
>    Demonstrates On-demand CPU frequency scaling policy.

Reviewer: minor tweaks to align better with recommended style for describing samples

```suggestion
   :name: On-demand CPU frequency scaling

   Dynamically scale CPU frequency using the on-demand policy.
```

Overview
********

> This sample demonstrates the CPU frequency subsystem's on-demand policy. The

Reviewer: cross-linking to the cpu freq main doc page would be a good idea
